Touch of class and a stamp of authority
So whose loss is it, Sachin's or the honour boards'?
Open the textbook and turn to page 32
Eruption of joy at the fall of an Indian wicket can only mean one thing
Long before umpire Nigel Llong gave that out, 50,000 people in the crowd did
When Sachin hits a straight drive, the world seems all the more beautiful
This is Yuvraj unleasehed. Absolutely unleashed
One of the problems you face being Tendulkar is that you are always compared with Tendulkar
We have a surgeon at one end and a butcher at the other
Why do we have boundaries here? The boundaries are only in our minds, not on the ground
6 and 4 seems to be the new binary code for this man 
I think he is waiting for tomorrow's newspaper to declare him out
Is there a more calming sight in the world than Rahul Dravid taking guard?
As him to walk on water and he'll ask, "How many kilometres?"
The only man who can save the match is the man sitting next to me
Pujara is a classical musician in the era of Yo Yo Honey Singh
Anil Kumble has scored his 1st century. This is the most romantic moment in Indian cricket
Ladies and Gentleman, fasten your seat belts. We are ready for the take-off
Some of the seagulls flying here are going to get a complex
Symonds looks like a child whose chocolate has been taken away
He had all the time in the world. He could have read a newspaper
Jade Dernbach has got the perfect credentials to play for England. Born and brought up in South Africa.
Even the shadow would go faster than the ball
Any pace bowler has three variations-fast medium, and slow. But Rajat Bhatia has slow, slower, slowest!
It's that kind of a day. Sehwag can walk blindfolded across a busy highway today and not get run over
He just loves to storm through. I guess if he had a car, he would probably start it in 4th gear
Adelaide is in Australia just on the map, otherwise it is just India and Pakistan
Last time Rudi Koertzen smiled, there was peace in West Asia.
I learnt this very early in my childhood. Remember the good, forget the bad.
Nobody can give you that answer.
Depending on the situation that exists with the team 
Tough times don't build character, it reveals 
Resilience is critical because it allows you to be alive another day 
Talent dazzles, and you look at talent, and say, 'Wow!'
Ability or talent is the most useless virtue you possess 
Talent breeds an ego
If you have never failed, they never pick you
What is excellence about? Everybody in the top 10 percent will have the same talent
How a small change leads to a very big revolution
There was a game on March 3, 1939 and ended on the 14th March. Another half and hour and we would have won
There is a reason why India fell in love in cricket. 
My idol for work ethic is always Ian Chappell 
It's changed enormously. It's been chattier. It's a soundtrack
Wow, we will never be as good as them
You had to go with the tempo of the game
The broadcast had to keep up with the tempo of the game.
Tony Greig and Sharjah, you remember 'Desert Storm.'
I was lucky with Tendulkar's farewell game. You add to the moment.
It was a deeply emotional moment. My growth coincided with Sachin's growth.
Is this the greatest schoolboy cricketer ever
This is a spectacle. 
Not one person has left. 
You have no idea what you have missed
To me, one of the greatest aspects of Tendulkar's game has been his dignity
Tendulkar is a master of the game
It's a lot of people in India
A lot of people looked up to Tendulkar in difficult times 
Tendulkar was a symbol of what India could be 
One of the great moments of Indian cricket
With Tendulkar, it was not just cricket.
Wonderful spontaneous outpouring 
The city of his birth 
Where were you when Sachin scored his first hundred?
He has been a good man, Tendulkar apart from being a great cricketer
It will sink in tomorrow morning 
The tide always comes in 
It's an emotional sport. We look at numbers. 
This public demonstrations shows that Tendulkar meant more than just numbers
It's tribute to the culture to the city
Mumbai can take a lot of credit for Tendulkar
Tendulkar was born to be great 
Everyone just looked after him
Tendulkar defined in one word, humility
Into the legend he became 
Contemplative time when someone like Tendulkar announces his retirement 
First time I met Tendulkar, he was just fourteen years
There is so much to admire about Rahul Dravid
Some of the glorious episodes of Indian batmanship, there was one man standing 
He protected that Indian cricket team
Everytime England and Rahul Dravid are mentioned
I thought that aspect of Rahul Dravid cricket stood out to me 
He was very selfless 
Rahul Dravid is nurturing a whole new generation of Indian cricketers 

